_**Mario Worker: Letter Worlds Series**_ (often abbreviated as **Letter Worlds Series**, **MW: LWS** or simply **LWS**) is my main series of Mario Forever-styled levels, and the first one with actual Mario Forever physics. One of the most notable features is that worlds don’t have a number, but letters instead. This is an homage to the extra lettered worlds from “_The Lost Levels_”.

The series started in mid-2010 with Mario Worker 1.0, a very old and not-so-known version of the actual Mario Forever level editor. That editor has physics more similar to original Mario Forever, so I decided to start the series there, although orignally I planned to start it with the at-the-time common Mario Worker 1.1. In about 2 weeks I developed the first 5 worlds, from A to E, and the series had to end with it, with only 16 levels. The videos kind of hit back then and some people wanted me to continue the series, so I listened to them and about 2 years later I retrieved it by remaking Worlds D and E. In 2013 I started showcasing more custom MF levels and one of the very earliest builds was World F, the first actual progression of the series after 3 years since World A.

After the expire of demo version of MMF, I switched back to Mario Worker 1.0 for World H. Then I got another demo, and Worlds I and J were originally made with Dunami Engine, a retextured SMB engine to fit MF style made by Radel999 that included a bunch of new stuff, but not so well gameplay physics. The very first full fledged Letter World that matched the real MF feel was World K, made with the same engine made by Syzxchulun for his well known World 10, and I used this engine for many Letter Worlds following K. Starting with World R, I developed the series with my personal fix of the marioforevereditorv1.cca.

For the 10-year celebration of the series, I bundled all worlds into a standalone.

This is known as the longest _Mario Forever_ custom levels’ series so far, with 26 worlds and 126 different levels. A great adventure from A to Z.
